morph	I psychologically morph into a confident person.
damp	There is a such damp place that make me feel uncomfortable
autocratic	Originally, an autocratic nation, and finally an union world.
meddle	Please do not meddle in children's life.
entrench	Some stupids idea were entrenched in age-people's mind which mean is they can hardly be changed.
encroach	Ecomonies of internation are encroach by commercial war.
immolate	I am more important than anything, so I would not immolate myself for anything.
affliction	Those afflictions which failed to kill you will make you stonger.
coterie	Want to have a great life? Get out of your coterie.
fret	Don't fret, the best is yet to come.
nascent	It's too early for us to start this program for what we have are merely some nascent theories.
clog	My roomate used to wears a pair of clog, which is noisy. 
reassure	The only thing reassure me is my after learning time.
unlease	You have to unlease your power, unlease the real you, or you won't gain the real happy.
moderate prosperity	全面小康
proliferate	The proliferation of vlogger causing people become anxious.
biodiversity	生物多样性
fray	Qipashou aims to create fray.
franchise	n.参政权   v.给…特许权
prable	The Parable of the New Pastures is fictional, but the Tragedy of Commonsense Morality is real.
lamentation	When I feel I can't talk naturally with people, I feel large lamentation. 
assort	Please reasonally assort these supplyment so that each people can be treated equally
albeit	Albeit brain is nagetive, people still should try hard to confront themselves brains.
shriek	“you mean we should give up this opportunity? ” shrieked by my teamworker. 
pithcher	Pithcher looks like a jug, can be use to full cream or other things.
veer	Please veer onto the other road, because this one has been blocked.
thrust	China is a thrust for World Economy.
override	Considerations of safety override all other concerns.
Mythology	If you do not learn history, you'll not know what is mythology and what is the truth.
lithium	a chemical element. Lithium is a soft, very light, silver-white metal used in batteries and alloys.
genocide	Nanjing Genocide
salvage	What can I do to salvage my reputation. 
get by	How does she get by on such a small salary?
grapple	Policemans have grappled him.
evict	Government want to evict the most unpopular man to abroad.
vent	You should spend some time to clean the air vent on your car.
breach	They are in breach of Article 119
perpetrate	Sometime I image to perpetrate crimes.
prepetuate	The law of forbidden homosexual wedding is prepetuating injustice. 
stalk	A suspect was stalked by a policeman.
terrific	The idea is terrific, I like it.
serendipitous	It is a serendipitous expression that people fought what should they devote.
comparison	Comparison with other's parents is not a good things.
welfare	I devote to find all human-beings' welfare.
measure up	I think my parents did measure up. 
mileage	英里里程
compartmentalize	Ingredients of success tended to be compartmentalized being lots of character.
catalytic	Increasing the speed of something.
sob	"""sob"" is like you say something when cry and with a shortly breath. "
litter	1.A litter of pigs = same mother and dad.  2.A litter of books = lying and disorganized
weakling	If you discribe a person or an animal as a weakling, you mean that they are physical weak.
omnivorous	Cat is not omnivorous as they eat meat only.
proportional	Proportional increase or decrease, means the ratio is constant.
graduate	I graduate myself with honor.
leeway	My parents give me leeway to do things I like.
start off	Let's start things off with some gentle exercises.
grind	1.grind coffee/corn  2.Spending your time to do things you don't like is such a grind.
proposition	I admire death and test propositions.
recurrent	The trouble of interperson-relationships is a recurrent theme in my life.
corpus	The whole corpus of Shakespeare
sonnet	a poem that has 14 lines, each containing 10 syllables, and a fixed pattern of rhyme
syllable	"The ""Me"" has just one syllable."
rhyme	I like sentents in rhyme.
assemble	Dancers are suddenly assemble they make the show brilliant.
phony	the same as fake, counterfeit. (a phony ID card)
Bangkok	曼谷——Thailand首都
spill	Many seabirds died as a result of the oil spill.
tidal	When Moon close to Earth, tide will happen.
visceral	I have visceral dislike with women.
rusksack	People are always climb with carrying a rusksack.
bummer	It's a real bummer that I lost my ID card.
commando	1.go commando. 2.commando can make quick attacks.
pretentious	a pretentious life
infatuation	The infatuation makes me improve.
irritate	The way JinZhou's puts on that accent really irritates me.
split	In order to import to Anki, I need to split sentences by '/t'.
incinerate	Policemans may incinerate his body.
trespass	It is a shame history that let these enermies trespassed our land.
carpenter	People who become carpenters some are because their habbits some are because the family.
ritual	Religious rituals
plankton	Small fishes are feed mainly on plankton.
ordain	Fate had ordained that they will never meet again.
contaminate	This pool has contaminated by plankton.
shack	The settlement consists only of shacks; there are no roads, no water, no street lighting. 
trunk	This climber uses a trunk as crutch
paracetamol	扑热息痛
vodka	Alcoholic drinks
tampon	卫生棉球
parasite	He regards unemployee as parasites on society.
funeral	No a funeral is interesting,
lieutenant	an officer of middle rank in the army, navy, or air force
Gangrene	Gangrene set in and he had to have his leg amputated.
proposition	I'd like to put a business proposition to you.
